# SpongeBobs-Best-Day
Really simple Text-Game to demonstrate knowledge on Software Engineering steps and Principles, as well as Object-Oriented Programming on Java

In this game, the main character’s (Spongebob) end goal is to celebrate with everyone at the Krusty Krab. He has to go to multiple locations in Bikini Bottom, completing different tasks for his friends. At the final location, if he completes his tasks successfully, he wins. Help him have his Best Day Ever! 
 
Rooms:
Room 1 - Spongebob’s Pineapple: Before Spongebob leaves his house, he must grab his work hat and feed Gary. His work hat isn’t in his room, and Gary’s food is missing. There are multiple rooms in the house; the kitchen, the living room, and the bathroom. He must go into each room to find the missing items (could be in cabinets, behind couches, etc.). Both items should be in separate rooms. Once he finds both his hat and Gary’s food, he may leave for Squidward’s House.
 
Room 2 - Squidward’s Tiki House: Spongebob knocks on Squidward’s door, and is greeted by silence. Worried, he tries to find a way inside to check if Squidward is okay. He is presented with multiple options to try and get in the house (blowing up the door, catapulting himself through the window, tunneling underground to Squidward’s living room, etc.). Only one method of entry should be successful. The others should be failures, and give the user funny descriptions/endings after making the wrong choice. After successfully entering Squidward’s house, Spongebob makes sure Squidward is alright (Squidward is angry), and leaves for Patrick’s Rock.
 
Room 3 - Patrick’s Rock: Spongebob goes to Patrick’s Rock, and sees Patrick bawling in his chair watching TV. He asks what’s wrong, and Patrick explains that he’s sad because he doesn’t have a boating license. To cheer Patrick up, Spongebob makes him an ice cream cone. The ingredients to make an ice cream cone are hidden around Patrick’s Rock, and Spongebob needs to find them. Once he collects all the necessary items (pint of ice cream, waffle cone, and sprinkles), he can make the dessert, give it to Patrick, and leave to see Sandy. 
 
Room 4 - Sandy’s Tree Dome: Upon entering Sandy’s tree dome, Spongebob sees Sandy working on her latest engineering project, a rocket ship. Sandy asks for Spongebob’s help.
Spongebob has to listen to Sandy and give her the correct tools (hammer, saw, etc.) and parts (gear, nail, screw, etc.) that she describes while working on the ship. If Spongebob gives her the wrong thing 2 different times, the rocket ship explodes and the stage must be restarted. Otherwise, the rocket ship gets built. Spongebob enters the ship to see the finished, fully-functioning product, and it takes him to the Krusty Krab.
 
Room 5 - The Krusty Krab (Final Room): Spongebob ends up at the Krusty Krab, and finds that all of his friends are there, waiting for good Krabby Patties. However, his spatula has gone missing. He needs to locate a spatula (that is somewhere in the kitchen/freezer). There are different areas around the kitchen that need to be inspected (fryer, grill, freezer door, etc.). Only one option has him stumble across a hidden door (or something else) that can only be opened after answering 5 questions (math related? show related? etc.). If any are incorrect, that portion of the stage restarts. Upon answering the questions right and opening the door, he finds the golden spatula! Now he is able to make Krabby Patties for all his friends and celebrate his Best Day Ever. The End! 
